Preparing the modules to be split (#100)
counsyl/stor: docs/testing.rst

Testing
=======

> Stor provides a test case to use when testing against OBS storage. It also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stor provides test cases to use when testing against OBS storage. It also
```
